Further abstract from micrometers (#249)
ovotech/http4s-micrometer-metrics: README.md

The `default.response-headers-time` timer has the `method` tag.
The `default.active-requests` does not have any tag.

In addition to these tags, each metric will record the global tags set in the Config.

It is also possible to set a prefix for the metrics name using the `prefix` configuration setting.

> The `default` name can be customized using a classifier function. With the same classifier function, is possible to record additional tags using this syntax: `classifier[tag1:value1,tag2:value2,tag3:value3]`. The classifier part can be blank as well as the tags part can be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `default` name can be customised using a classifier function. With the same classifier function, it is possible to record additional tags using this syntax: `classifier[tag1:value1,tag2:value2,tag3:value3]`. The classifier part can be blank as well as the tags part can be empty.
```
